Okay. So now, let's calculate case B.
Calculate the prediction of a model that uses features zero and two.
Then calculate the prediction of the model that uses just feature two,
and then get the difference.
So here, S_union_i, is going to include features zero and two.
So let's use the get_subset function that we defined earlier.
So X contains all the features,
and we have a list that says,
I want to get zero and two.
Now this f_S union_i is just going to contain an instance of
the decision tree regressor, sklearn.tree.Decision.Tree.Regressor.
We're going to fit it to the data which is just going to be S_union_i,
and the label, Y.
Now, the sample input is going to be one comma one.
So it's a numpy array like this.
Because feature zero is one,
and feature two is one for that sample observation.
Now, remember that we have to reshape it to be a two-dimensional array.
So it's going to have one row,
and it's going to have however many columns
that makes sense for this to be reshaped in this case.
So negative one to saying choose it for us,
and that's actually going to be two columns.
Now, the prediction of
this model on this sample input is going to be stored in this variable.
So we're going to take f_S union_ i.model.predict on the sample input.
So it's 0.5 as we expect in this discussion here.
Okay. So now, for the model when it only has feature two,
let's go ahead and calculate this.
So S is equal to get_subset X,
and it's going to be grabbing feature two.
This is f_S is going to contain another decision tree regressor.
We're going to fit that model to the data which is S contains the features,
and Y contains the labels.
Now, the sample input is just going to be a single value of one.
So we're just going to create a numpy array containing one,
and remember we want to reshape it to have one row and how many columns are needed.
In this case, it's actually going to be one column as well.
Then this is going to store the prediction of that model.
We're going to predict on the sample input.
Okay. So it's 0.25. and that makes sense as per this discussion here.
So now, we'll just calculate the difference.
So it's going to be the prediction S_union_i minus the prediction
when it just has S. So that's difference is 0.5 minus 0.25, which is 0.25.
So that's the marginal contribution.
Now, let's calculate the weight,
and remember this is calculating
that term in the original formula that contains all those factorials.
So first of all, let's get the size of S,
which we know in this case is to be one because here we have a single feature.
But programmatically, we can do that by saying,
so in a new cell, I can say, S.shape.
Notice there's a 100 observations and there's one feature.
So S.shape index one gives us one, right?
So here, the weight,
let's use the function calc_weight.
If I do shift tab I can see the arguments it takes.
So size S and also the number of features.
The number of features is actually stored in a variable,
M. But if you don't remember that,
you can also take X-variable, check its shape.
Notice that it has three features.
So at index one,
we can also grab the value here,
and that will be the same as using the variable M,
which also stores the number three.
Okay. So the weight should be one divided by six,
which is what we see here.
Awesome. So let's continue on to the next video to introduce case C.